services/memories/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
simple-tests/tsconfig.json:4:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/history-store/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
tsconfig.json:13:		"moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/rag/tsconfig.build.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/memory-core/tsconfig.json:16:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cortex-logging/tsconfig.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
tsconfig.base.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
servers/src/filesystem/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/rag/tsconfig.eslint.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/rag/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/model-gateway/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/registry/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
tests/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
servers/src/sequentialthinking/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/tsconfig.json:18:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/accessibility/tsconfig.json:16:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
servers/src/everything/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
services/orchestration/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/telemetry/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/lib/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
servers/src/memory/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/testing/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/gateway/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/asbr-schemas/tsconfig.json:17:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
servers/tsconfig.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
tsconfig.optimized.json:13:		"moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/utils/tsconfig.json:16:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
tools/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/prp-runner/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/prp-types/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/ingest/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/policy/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/contracts/tsconfig.json:18:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/local-memory/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
services/agents/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/planner/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mcp-bridge/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/planner/orchestration/tsconfig.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/asbr-policy/tsconfig.json:14:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/agent-contracts/tsconfig.json:13:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
website/tsconfig.json:16:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
scripts/ci/tsconfig.json:5:        "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/observability/tsconfig.json:13:		"moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/planner/core/tsconfig.typecheck.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/orchestration/src/lib/outbox/outbox/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/observability/tsconfig.eslint.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
libs/typescript/types/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/protocol/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/kernel/tsconfig.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mvp/mvp-core/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/services/model-gateway/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/evidence/analytics/tsconfig.typecheck.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/evals/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mvp/mvp-group/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/evidence/analytics/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/evidence/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/simlab/tsconfig.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/services/orchestration/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mvp/mvp-server/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/evidence/validator/tsconfig.typecheck.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/packages/evidence/validator/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mcp-core/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/executor-spool/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/memory-rest-api/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cortex-os/tsconfig.app.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/agent-toolkit/tsconfig.json:12:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cortex-structure-github/tsconfig.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/patchkit/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/security/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mvp/mvp/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/tsconfig.lib.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-handlers/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/tsconfig.build.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-observability/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/hooks/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/agents/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/orchestration/tsconfig.json:24:  "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mcp-server/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-contracts/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/proof-artifacts/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cbom-viewer/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-core/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
apps/cbom-viewer/tsconfig.app.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-transport/tsconfig.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/stream-client/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-events/tsconfig.lib.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a/a2a-events/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/memories/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a-services/schema-registry/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/tool-spec/tsconfig.json:12:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/mcp-registry/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/a2a-services/common/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/evidence-runner/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/agui/tsconfig.json:8:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/tdd-coach/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cortex-rules/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/asbr/tsconfig.lib.json:5:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/asbr/tsconfig.json:14:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cortex-sec/tsconfig.json:10:        "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/stream-protocol/tsconfig.json:6:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/commands/tsconfig.json:10:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cbom/tsconfig.build.json:9:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cortex-ai-github/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/cbom/tsconfig.json:7:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
packages/prompts/tsconfig.json:11:    "moduleResolution": "NodeNext",
